Add info and fix command description [ci-skip] (#45336)
rails/rails: guides/source/command_line.md

        run  bundle install
```

> Rails will set us up with what seems like a huge amount of stuff for such a tiny command! We've got the entire Rails directory structure now with all the code we need to run our simple application right out of the box.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rails will set up what seems like a huge amount of stuff for such a tiny command! We've got the entire Rails directory structure now with all the code we need to run our simple application right out of the box.
```

If you wish to skip some files from being generated or skip some libraries, you can append any of the following arguments to your `rails new` command:

| Argument                | Description                                                 |
| ----------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `--skip-git`            | Skip git init, .gitignore, and .gitattributes                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--skip-git`            | Skip git init, .gitignore, and .gitattributes               |
```

| `--skip-system-test`    | Skip system test files                                      |
| `--skip-bootsnap`       | Skip bootsnap gem                                           |

> INFO: These are just some of the options you can append to `rails new`. For a comprehensive list of options, type `rails new --help`.

Reviewer: Let's skip the `INFO:` callout here.  I don't think it adds anything, and too many callouts in a guide can be distracting.

```suggestion
These are just some of the options that `rails new` accepts. For a full list of options, type `rails new --help`.
```
